c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\bin\Debug\FlyoutTest.exe.config
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\bin\Debug\FlyoutTest.exe
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\bin\Debug\FlyoutTest.pdb
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\obj\Debug\FlyoutTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\obj\Debug\View\TaskSetupFormView.baml
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\obj\Debug\View\TaskSetupFormView.g.cs
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\obj\Debug\FlyoutTest_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\obj\Debug\FlyoutTest_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\obj\Debug\FlyoutTest.g.resources
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\obj\Debug\FlyoutTest.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\obj\Debug\FlyoutTest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\obj\Debug\FlyoutTest.exe
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\obj\Debug\FlyoutTest.pdb
c:\Users\Derek\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\obj\Debug\View\DummyView.baml
c:\Users\Derek\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FlyoutTest\FlyoutTest\obj\Debug\View\DummyView.g.cs
